what's going on YouTube I just finished
watching this so-called fight of the
century which was with Floyd and versus
Manny the final score was 118 to 110 and
116 to 112 and honestly I really think
that it was just way over hyped by the
media they calling it the fight of the
century it's been on the media again and
again and again and for years they've
been waiting for this fight and at the
end boring was not worth it at all was
not worth $200 that I actually paid for
pay-per-view it was actually I streamed
online on many websites for free to be
honest with you that they actually made
Floyd Mayweather I heard he was making
he came out with about 200 million from
that fight so that comes up to about
eighty three thousand per second that's
a lot of money and straight up I felt
like he was in it for the money I mean
both of them were of course because
they're making hundreds and millions but
just from looking at the fight if we
look into it
Floyd was just running the whole time he
was just holding off holdin on holdin on
he was just smoothing it through and I'm
saying it was so boring because of that
and you know it really wasn't that
interesting nobody got hurt no but
nobody nobody got even a scratch nothing
nobody went down or anything like that
and so for $10,000 for a seat in the
ring they just for a basic seat probably
they went up to about a hundred thousand
dollars it was not worth it myself I was
actually surprised that Manny came in at
white 152 I don't know why Freddie would
do that and his team honestly didn't
make any sense he did a good job he
threw a lot of punches at Floyd
Mayweather but that's it that was it at
the end of the day honestly you can't
you can't debate it you know mayweather
won fair and square
he's the man I didn't have any chance
seriously I just looking into the fight
he did a good job he did a good job and
I I think he did put Floyd Mayweather
you know he took him by surprise you
know he didn't even Floyd he admitted
later on they
did he beat him in a couple rounds and
they thought probably you would have
finished probably before the 12th round
but what's crazy I think was Freddie and
his team probably brought in packing art
that way is because Floyd was at 160
that's his weight and to be honest they
probably were afraid that Floyd would
knock out men so what they did was they
brought him out this way so heavy even
yesterday he was lighter than this um
honestly I think he would have been way
fast and he would have been able to
dodge more shots from Floyd but I think
the reason they put him in this is
because so he can you know doesn't want
to give knocked out but honestly I think
it was pointless because he didn't want
nothing he took all the shots if they
brought him in brought in a part of him
probably brought him in you know a
little bit with less weight it would
have been faster and you would have been
able dodge more and probably hit more
shots against Floyd at the end of the
day if I ever you know would see another
fight after this I think it would be
floyd versus amir khan many on the end
under hand i think he should just retire
and that's it easy it's over with for
him anyways let me know what you guys
think about the fights in the comment
section below and thank you for watching